April Carte: April. Nice to meet you.
Natalie Austin: Nice to meet you.
Natalie Austin: Are you new to treatment.
April Carte: Yes, I am.
Welcome
Natalie Austin: Have you been I'm using any other sub you text box.
April Carte: took one yesterday, and it took anything since not even a Percocet. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you use it for pain.
April Carte: The Percocet.
Natalie Austin: No.
April Carte: No, no, no. Actually, I like I said in my email. Um, I was on Percocet.
April Carte: Okay and I'm trying to get off of it myself.
Natalie Austin: Gotcha. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So, um, we could start you off with before, nor for naloxone
Natalie Austin: It's a mixture of the two. Okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: We have a pharmacy and everything for you.
April Carte: Yeah, but when I'm I caught care source. They said that they don't participate with Walgreens anymore.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
April Carte: I'll probably have to send it to Rite Aid or CVS models will be fine.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let me see if we have
Which raining.
April Carte: It's on Park Avenue.
Natalie Austin: CL eyes are CLA
April Carte: RK
Natalie Austin: Ave.
April Carte: Yes. Is that
April Carte: It's a Cleveland, Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so that women.
Natalie Austin: Do twice a day milligrams in the morning and eight milligrams at night.
April Carte: Okay.
12 hours apart.
Natalie Austin: And then we'll do for like
Natalie Austin: Two weeks.
Natalie Austin: Here, but we'll see you back in two weeks.
Natalie Austin: See how you're doing with it.
April Carte: Okay.
I'm good.
April Carte: I'm I came out here to the lab to get my lab work.
Natalie Austin: And they didn't have my
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'll text Danielle.
Natalie Austin: Tell her right now while you're sitting there.
April Carte: Yes, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: Let me tell right now.
April Carte: Today,
Natalie Austin: Are you
April Carte: In his class diagnostics. It's impossible.
Natalie Austin: How do you spell that
April Carte: qu E S t
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we weren't
Natalie Austin: Where you are
Or
April Carte: Why I'm I GPS, the address that she said in the email brought me here.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: What's the
Natalie Austin: City.
April Carte: Yes.
Natalie Austin: I just sent that off.
Natalie Austin: I like to hear from her there.
Okay.
April Carte: Okay, so
April Carte: Do I pick up the prescription today or when do I do it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Whenever I get off the phone with you all send it in. I eat scribe it. I'll send it through the computer you can pick it up to separate, you know, in an hour after we were done. Okay.
April Carte: Yes, ma'am. Okay. Um, now if I can't do the lab work today, when do I come back.
Natalie Austin: You can go anytime tomorrow or, you know, by the end of the week or so it's fine.
April Carte: Okay, okay. So should I leave lab now or should I say oh
Natalie Austin: Wait a second, because I just texted her see if she can fix it. Nobody else drive all the way back out there.
April Carte: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, we're talking
And yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so, um, how long have you been on opioids.
April Carte: Oh, let me see.
April Carte: Four years.
Natalie Austin: Did you have an injury, four years ago.
April Carte: Um, well.
April Carte: I had side.
April Carte: And both sides of my legs.
April Carte: Okay, to be honest. The ibuprofen was looking at the waitress.
April Carte: And I got introduced some purpose.
April Carte: And I, the way, and the energy. You know, I just
April Carte: It made me feel good, if that makes sense.
Yeah.
April Carte: So I kept taking it.
April Carte: And then next thing you know I was making out said
April Carte: Ah, so I can continue to take it. So pretty much went from something that I enjoyed something I actually was dependent on
April Carte: Yeah, so
Natalie Austin: Remind him up.
April Carte: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Oh, okay.
April Carte: I'm never in my life that prescription for it.
Okay.
April Carte: And now I just I can't do it anymore. I don't want to do it anymore.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you're tired of it.
April Carte: I'm tired. I'm tired of it.
April Carte: You know,
April Carte: But, and then I got phone number from my friend for you because you know it's hard for me to get around to different places and all the doctors appointments and all that. It's just too much for me. No, I don't like going to the doctor.
Natalie Austin: I know
April Carte: You know, so this is actually been a godsend for me.
Natalie Austin: Good. I'm so glad. That's why we do it. Yep. For people like you.
April Carte: Ready.
April Carte: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Good, good, good. Well, this is the first step for the rest of your life here.
Natalie Austin: That's wonderful will work with you. Okay. We have counseling will do counseling set up for you as well. Okay.
April Carte: Great. Sounds great.
April Carte: Thank you.
Welcome
Natalie Austin: To the past medical history.
April Carte: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any
Natalie Austin: Heart problems hypertension.
Natalie Austin: Not anxiety, depression,
April Carte: Anxiety, depression, um, I do take medication for that so
April Carte: I did it for years.
April Carte: Okay, and I feel
April Carte: Good. Okay, so, yeah. And to be honest, I'm addicted to that you
Natalie Austin: Know,
I don't
April Carte: I don't take it you know it's literal with that as well. So
Natalie Austin: Okay, Pastor pastor history surgeries.
April Carte: Never. I've never had been coddled never had a surgery. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Family has
Natalie Austin: On your life.
April Carte: My mother is my father died a year ago.
April Carte: He died. What do you call it.
April Carte: got pneumonia.
April Carte: And his body couldn't fight with 76 years old when he died so
Natalie Austin: Oh, yeah.
April Carte: Yeah yeah
April Carte: Well,
Good.
April Carte: God, yes, I do have
April Carte: My family that's very strong
April Carte: I don't know if that matters, but
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
April Carte: My grandmother, my aunt died of breast cancer.
April Carte: I had on boarded out if he had cancer. I have two sisters that died of ovarian cancer.
Natalie Austin: Oh wow, I
April Carte: Do get checked regularly for that.
Natalie Austin: Okay, well,
Natalie Austin: Done on your mother.
April Carte: Yes.
All
April Carte: My mom and
April Carte: My aunt, my uncle.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Yeah.
April Carte: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Married single divorced
April Carte: Single
Natalie Austin: How many kids.
April Carte: Do
Natalie Austin: You how old are they
April Carte: Had a five year old.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
April Carte: They're well taken care of. Yeah.
Good.
Natalie Austin: Employee employee.
April Carte: Actually sprained my ankle.
April Carte: socks and hurt my back. So they told me not to go back to work for another month
April Carte: Okay, you work in a factory.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Yeah, a lot of factories out there.
April Carte: Yes, I do work in a factory. We make flowerpots, so
April Carte: I'm just waiting for
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Ready. I don't
April Carte: Know I don't drink it on
Natalie Austin: A
April Carte: Whole pack.
Natalie Austin: Pack. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Oh, it's still under our week
Natalie Austin: You have any allergies anything
Natalie Austin: And then the medications.
Natalie Austin: You just don't. So last 100 200 200 a day.
Natalie Austin: And no other medicines.
April Carte: No, that's it.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay review systems any nausea, vomiting,
April Carte: No, no.
Natalie Austin: The swelling or anything headaches.
Natalie Austin: No good. Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Okay, physical exam. How tall are you,
April Carte: I do
Natalie Austin: I do, how much do you weigh
April Carte: 70
Natalie Austin: Okay at AMP T Pirlo know keep distress.
Natalie Austin: wearing glasses.
Natalie Austin: Last
Natalie Austin: Time.
Natalie Austin: I didn't understand it there DMO cardiac regular rate and rhythm.
Natalie Austin: Like alert and proper.
April Carte: No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so that's gonna plan will do fine opioid use disorder will start the Suboxone
Natalie Austin: eight milligrams
Natalie Austin: Will take the
Natalie Austin: One morning and night.
Natalie Austin: Twice a day.
Natalie Austin: For four days.
Natalie Austin: 28 tablets.
Natalie Austin: And I'll see you
Natalie Austin: In
Natalie Austin: Two weeks are
Going to reveal
April Carte: To me.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let me see.
Natalie Austin: Me on this last one.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
April Carte: Coffee.
Natalie Austin: Right now.
Natalie Austin: I just talked to
April Carte: Okay, great. I'm sorry, I'm
Natalie Austin: Putting it on the computer, right, the
Natalie Austin: Second, so
Go ahead.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
April Carte: Thank you so much.
Natalie Austin: Thank you. Nice meeting you.
April Carte: Do as well.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions.
April Carte: No thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: Bye bye.